hello guys and welcome to my channel
today's the fourth of July and I thought
this is the best day to tell you my
reasons behind choosing the United
States as a place to live and to run my
company and I'm going to give you 13
reasons why I moved from Russia to the
United States so if you're interested
please continue watching this video
and I decided to make this video with my
friend Sara with no Switzerland but
she's American and she's going to talk
about things that influenced her as an
American and things she picked up in
America I don't actually know the topic
but also like positive things about the
United States so if you're interested in
American attitude to American lifestyle
please follow the link below subscribe
to Sara's channel and watch her video so
my reason number one might be really
obvious for many people but still this
was one of the key factors I've chosen
California and that's because of climate
so my first trip to the States was back
in 2013 and it was April and I'm from
Saint Petersburg Russia and in st.
Petersburg we still had snow and this is
like normal for my city st. Petersburg
to have snow six months a year to Miami
was my first city that I visited in the
States
and I'm walking out of the plane and I
see sunshine I see smiling people I see
summer and I'm like why Cannot I spend
twelve months in a year enjoying the
sunshine and I know California has the
sunshine intact which means it's more
expensive to live here but also there
are places like Florida and the states
that are cheaper than California and you
can still enjoy summer all year long
which is really important for me um and
yeah this is the reason number one and a
really important reason the second
reason is something that really really
surprised me when I came to the States
and I know many Americans are watching
this channel and watching my videos and
you guys going to be amazed that this
doesn't exist in the whole world I guess
but in Russia it definitely does not
exist and this is the thing when you can
get a refund or give back the goods that
you didn't like and this happened to me
in the States when I got to this beauty
shop and I bought some creams that I
really liked and then it came back home
and tried them on my skin developed an
allergy I went back to the store all of
the creams were open and I tried all of
them and I was like I'm sorry I'm
allergic to this product can I have a
refund like if I did that in Russia they
would just say are you crazy already
tried all the creams go away in America
they said of course you can choose
whatever you want in the store
just issue a refund and I was like yes
please issue a refund there was another
video when I changed my I talked about
exchanging my Mac laptop because I
didn't like the silver color I wanted to
the gray one and I exchanged it and is
an Apple store what do they do with the
Mac to the exchange even if they knew
they said we sell them as second tenth
or we just give them to charities or to
schools that means new laptops their
students and this is amazing and this is
because American economy so well
developed that shops can afford
refunding products and refunding
customers that are not happy with the
purchase the third thing that I really
like about the United States is customer
service everybody's smiling everybody's
really nice I know some people
especially in my country they say oh I
don't like fake smiling I don't like
being polite but in a fake way I would
say I'd better experience a polite
person who's faking it then a person
who's being rude just because he wants
to be rude this is the reason number
three reason number four everything is
online when I tell people that when we
registered our C corporation in Delaware
who have never been to Delaware the
state of Delaware I've never ever been
to my bank so we have this company for
two years already I've never ever
visited my banks office so I've never
seen them in person I've never seen my
lawyer held me register the company I've
never seen my immigration lawyer who
helped me with all of the process like
getting my work visa cetera and I love
this I love that everything can be done
online I can file all my taxes online I
can open a bank account online I can do
whatever I want and there is very little
bureaucracy I mean to start a company
you just need to fill in some forms you
send them and you are ready to go same
with bank accounts and this makes life a
lot easier thing number five oh I love
love love this thing I can order
anything online and I don't have to go
to a shop and there are some specific
things I want to buy all the time for
example shooting my videos and I don't
have to go to two miles somewhere to
shop and then for example come to that
shop and realize that they've run over
the fraud
that I'm looking for I can order
everything Amazon eBay so there have
been two situations so far when I didn't
get the parcel that I ordered and I just
contacted the seller and said I'm sorry
I didn't get it and the seller couldn't
trace the parcel so he just refunded me
money which is great scene number six
and this is the thing I've noticed when
I first came to Miami and I still notice
it that people do not really care about
you and this gives you so much freedom
this internal freedom that you can do
whatever you want because nobody's going
to judge you can wear whatever you want
because nobody cares so I can wear my
pajamas and go outside to get my coffee
and I know people wouldn't care because
they have their own problems they have
their own lives and I really like this
approach to not judging everyone in my
culture people will always want to give
you advice they always want to tell you
the right way to live and sometimes it
really hurts you because sometimes for
example when I wanted to do my masters
and I was 25 in Russia 25 some people
considered old some people consider it
25 year old women like you know too late
in their life and 25 is definitely not
the age to think about masters according
to some people's opinions you know in
the states you can do masters even if
you're like 50 and I was driving in uber
the other day and there was this lady
who was in her 60s and she was like I
don't know what to do with my life right
now and I'm going to thinking of junior
masters in arts and I was like wow I
could never ever hear that back in my
home country and I really like this you
know being open minded and not listening
to other people's opinions and not
following this path that are considered
standard for everyone sing number seven
companies valuations I know this is a
little specific and I know this is very
specific for the Silicon Valley but this
is one of the reasons why my partners
and I decided to start a company in the
Silicon Valley is that because you can
get you can raise money on a really good
valuation for example in Russia we had
an offer to invest in our company to a
two hundred thousand euros which was on
two hundred
thirty thousand dollars for 20 percent
in our company and they wanted to take
two board seats which meant that every
decision should be passed through that
investor and he actually controlled us
here we got an offer from 500 startups
to invest a hundred thousand any
seven percent stake in the company and
no board seat so we have the full
control of the company which is really
great for entrepreneurs from all over
the world and this is why so many people
come here and the reason number eight
because you can raise money for your
company you can grow your company here
there is so many amazing people coming
from all over the world I've met amazing
people from Russia who came here and we
only met here and we became really good
friends there are people from China
India Europe from everywhere and
everybody has a great idea everybody is
hardworking again this is really
specific to the Silicon Valley but I
know that there are so many centers in
the state for example LA is Center for
moving industry and New York is standard
for finance and fashion so you can find
this hot spot for anything you're
interested in in the States and meet the
best people the best professionals here
see number and I'm very funny when I was
reading my list of my friend like if you
could add anything she was like this is
the funniest thing you've got there and
the most stupid things kombucha is sold
almost everywhere here in California I
know there are some places for example
in Boston I went to some shop and asked
for kombucha and you're like what are
you talking about well I mean the lady
was selling the product but kombucha is
this drink which has a lot of probiotics
and it's really healthy especially if
you go to McDonald's and you feel like
your stomach is struggling you drink a
bottle of kombucha and everything goes
well but I really really like the string
and I couldn't find it back home and I'm
so happy I can find it anywhere in
California sing number 10 really funny
I've experienced that first when I first
went to the cinema and the United States
you know like some Americans also get
surprised that everybody in the world
actually watching American films
American movies so when I watch an
American movie in Russia for example
I've out of the cinema and I realized
I'm going to differ
reality because everything is different
here you watch a movie you go out of the
cinema and you're still in the movie
because the reality is safe because
every best-selling movie is based in the
States based in American reality and you
feel like you're in a movie and some
people ask me when I first came to
America does it feel like a real movie
to like yes this is a real movie
everything is exactly as we've seen
enough flicks HBO whatever King number
11 no matter what you do you're really
respected and you get paid well so for
example I've read this article I think
it was a book about Ellen mask and when
illness went to NASA he met a janitor
there and he said he asked the janitor
what are you doing in NASA and the
generator said I am helping human beings
humankind launched the first spaceship
on Mars and launched the first spaceship
to go outside and explore the world and
this is what happens in America with
every profession even if you're like
working McDonald's you are feeding the
nation you're helping people get their
food and save time and go back to
whatever they doing thing number 12
mortgage and lease when I first found
out that in the States
you can drive a Porsche and pay for
example $700 a month for driving
abortion this sounded like a dream or
you can get a mortgage and dangerous
would be like 4% this is amazing like
where I come from the interest rate is
around 10% 15% so if people do not even
consider it because you end up paying
one-third of your apartment of whatever
one sort of your car in interest this
credit system in the state allows you to
get property and allows you to get
property even when you don't have a lot
of money but you have stable income and
the last but not the least I'm so happy
for you American subscribers that you
have American passports that allow you
to travel to like I know 170 countries
visa-free isn't that amazing like
anywhere I want to go right now I need
to get a visa I want to go to England in
August and I know I will have to apply
in July and I
we need to provide my bank statement my
a letter from my employer from my
company
I mean I would need to list all of the
countries that I visited in the last ten
years I would need to take a picture of
myself like there are so many things I
would need to do just to get a visa and
you're so lucky you just need to buy
plane tickets so that was it these were
my thirteen reasons to move to the
States thirteen reasons to live in
America and congratulations to all of
the Americans doll of the immigrants
here over the fourth of July I hope you
have a great day and I feel really
honored to be here have a great fourth
of July and thank you so much for
watching this video don't forget to
subscribe bye
[Music]
you